[Music]
for baking soda on your bed and see what
happens
the modern market is full of various
cleaning products that can harm your
health however you can easily find a
safe cleanser in your kitchen which is
capable of creating a real miracle in
your house yes we're talking about
baking soda here are the most unusual
ways of using baking soda that will help
you avoid costly dry cleaners first
let's see the main benefits of baking
soda baking soda costs almost nothing
it's absolutely non-toxic baking soda
absorbs dirt and moisture it can replace
a lot of cleaning products baking soda
can kill a lot of microorganisms and it
quickly removes any unpleasant odors
doesn't this sound impressive using just
baking soda you can clean it everything
in your house your carpets soft
furniture and even your bed first let's
see how to clean carpet and soft
furniture here's the recipe you'll need
1 tablespoon of baking soda 1 tablespoon
of washing powder that's optional 1 cup
of warm boiled water 4 to 5 tablespoons
of 90% vinegar then take a container and
mix the baking soda and washing powder
then pour a cup of warm boiled water and
add vinegar the mixture foams actively
so use a large container to prepare it
thoroughly mix everything and pour the
solution into a water sprayer vacuum the
carpet or soft furniture spray the
resulting solution for five to ten
seconds then remove the liquid with a
sponge if necessary rub any problem
areas repeat until you get the desired
result but make sure the liquid doesn't
soak the fabric now let's see what will
happen if you pour baking soda directly
on your bed you've probably never heard
about it but you can easily clean your
mattress with just one package of baking
soda
this way of cleaning a mattress will
remove dirt sweat dead skin cells dust
and unpleasant odors let's see how it
works first vacuum the entire mattress
then using a sifter evenly distribute
one package of baking soda if desired
you can add 10 to 15 drops of an
essential oil over the entire surface
leave the mattress covered with all of
it for several hours preferably for a
day then vacuum it carefully collect all
the baking soda
baking soda or sodium bicarbonate is
truly an amazing substance it has all of
these amazing benefits and it's also
friendly on the environment you can
clean the whole house using just one
product however keep in mind that you
can use baking soda and vinegar solution
for any fabrics except for natural
baking soda is also very useful for your
laundry for cleaning the kitchen for
removing odors for cooking for curing
some ailments for your skin and hair and
for your teeth want to know more
benefits of such an amazing product then
hit the like button and leave a comment
below don't forget to click Subscribe if
you're visiting our channel for the
first time
you